feat: resolve refs in config (#1345)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/eight-fans-clean.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": minor
"@redocly/cli": minor
---

> Added the possibility to use $ref in the Redocly config. This allows splitting up big config files and maintaining their constituent parts independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the ability to use `$ref` in the Redocly config file. This ability allows users to split up big config files and maintain their constituent parts independently.
```
